Small product updates (#4105)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/edge-certificates/additional-options/certificate-signing-requests.md

4.  Obtain a certificate from the Certificate Authority (CA) of your choice using your CSR.
5.  When you [upload the custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/uploading/) to Cloudflare, select an **Encoding mode** of **Certificate Signing Request (CSR)** and enter the associated value.

     {{<Aside type="note">}}You will not see the option to adjust your **Encoding Mode** until after you have created a CSR associated with the specific zone or your account.
     {{</Aside>}}

## Renew a certificate

> When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can re-use a previously generated CSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can reuse a previously generated CSR.
```
```suggestion
When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can re-use a previously generated CSR.
```

> When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can re-use a previously generated CSR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can reuse a previously generated CSR.
```
```suggestion
When you [renew a custom certificate](/ssl/edge-certificates/custom-certificates/renewing/), you can re-use a previously generated CSR.
```
